hi my beautiful friends how are you
doing it's me me here today and today
I'm going to show you how to do this new
side braid I absolutely am in love with
it and it's very different super easy
and perfect for every day so let's begin
I'm only gonna need a few simple tools
to create this look and that's gonna be
a hairbrush teasing brush some bobby
pins and a hair elastic
the first thing I'm gonna do is just
teeth the hair at the crown of my head I
have a section of hair grab my teasing
comb and just start going up and down
and now just lightly brush out the
cheese next you want to bring over here
to one side I personally wear my Cypress
on the left side I don't know why it's
kind of weird but I feel more
comfortable on that side but whichever
side you want to and give the hair a
good brush to avoid any tangles I forgot
to mention that I am wearing Lexi hair
extensions today I'm wearing the
chestnut brown color and I usually wear
my locs is you know especially when I go
side braids just for the length in the
thickness now on to the braiding part
you're going to be working with two
sections and it's extremely extremely
easy braids to recreate so the first
thing I'm gonna do is just split this
hair into section what I'm gonna do next
is tweeze these two sections towards
each other and then bring them together
when I bring them together I release and
let go of one hand and I hold them with
the left hand and then I split it again
and then I twist again the new two
sections together bring it together
split twist this is the same steps all
over again and then do it all the way
down so that's what the braid is gonna
look like it's very very cool it's kind
of I don't know it doesn't look like
anything else the only braid I could
probably compare it to is a fishtail
braid but it's not so it's a very funky
kind of braid secure the braid at the
bottom and just fan it out when you're
done so there you go that's really it
guys let me know how you like this video
down below don't forget to leave me a
comment I love love love reading your
comments don't forget to like this video
down below and subscribe down below as
well when you recreate this hair
tutorial make sure to post it on your
Instagram with Lexie here at hashtag our
favourites are always featured on our
Instagram thank you so much for tuning
in I hope you have a beautiful day I
love you in I'll see you soon bye let's
go let's get it started hello my
beautiful friends cool I can't stop it
okay next you want to bring all the hair
to one side which are right